\section{Ancillary Measurements}

We discuss in this section a number of ancillary measurements that are not central to the primary goal of measuring the photo-detector positions but are a valuable by-product of the x-ray position measurement technique. 

\subsection { X-ray interaction rate -- 2017 vs 2018}  
The efficacy of spacer materials between MPPC, PCB strip and CFRP
plate is tested by examining the X-ray event rate as a function of
MPPC position. The rate is inversely proportional to the length of LXe
traversed by the X-ray before interaction.  It provides crucial
information about the state of spacer materials responsible for
preventing LXe leak between inner cryostat wall and the photosensitive
surface, which directly impacts photo detection and reconstruction
efficiencies, and energy response.  A constant rate of triggered
events is expected from all scanned MPPCs with some variation
attributed to electronic readouts that are nominally configured in an
identical way.  The event rates show a $\phi$ dependent variation
indicating some deformation in CFRP plates 1 and 2.  A drop in the
rates by a factor 1/e suggests the scale of deformation
$\approx\,\lambda_{\mathrm{Xe}}$.  The $\phi$ dependent variation is
observed in both Z and $\phi$ scans in the MPPCs illuminated with
X-rays and is not seen in the background process
(Figure~\ref{fig:ratesvszphi}).  The second scan in 2018 replicates
the previous years data at a lower rate due to reduced activity of the
source by two half-lives.  
\begin{figure}[]
\centering 
\includegraphics[width=4cm]{plots/2018/cEventRate_1718}
\includegraphics[width=4cm]{plots/2018/cBkgRate_1718} \\
\includegraphics[width=4cm]{plots/2018/AbsorptionLength} 
\caption{Signal and background trigger rates observed in MPPC as a function of $\phi$.
Red dashed lines indicate the edges of the CFRP plate.}
\label{fig:ratesvszphi} \end{figure}

\input{secgain.tex}

